Give it back to him
Who?
It's you again
You can find it anywhere
You are a dog
Moved my woman
Even if you are in the ends of the earth, I will find you
Hey
Jiangyi
distressed
I'm so cool, hahaha.
Okay, okay, okay, you have breath.
Mr. Jiang didn't expect you to fall into my hands?
What do you want?
What do I want?
Of course, I want to trample you under my feet and crush you hard
A multi-billion dollar boss
One is a little model who is not famous
I only want one of your lives
Mr. Jiang
How do you choose?
Put the toilet
I'll give you as much as you want.
Hahaha, do you think I look like a man without money?
What I lack
It's his dignity
upper layer
You beat me and lay me in the hospital for more than half a month
I don't know how to choose
Ah!
OK, I'll choose for you.
Haha, what a pretty face!
How delicate
If you don't get it, I'll kill you